Some fixes prior to release (#518)
nf-core/viralrecon: docs/output.md

<p align="center"><img src="images/nanoplot_readlengthquality.png" alt="Nanoplot - Read quality vs read length" width="600"></p>

### Nanoplot: Kraken2

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `kraken2/`
  - `*.kraken2.report.txt`: Kraken 2 taxonomic report. See [here](https://ccb.jhu.edu/software/kraken2/index.shtml?t=manual#sample-report-output-format) for a detailed description of the format.
  - `*.classified.fastq.gz`: Fastq file with reads that classified with the database.

>   - `*.unclassified.fastq.gz`: Fastq file with reads that did not classified with the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `*.unclassified.fastq.gz`: Fastq file with reads that were not classified with the database.
```

- `<CALLER>/pangolin/`
  - `*.pangolin.csv`: Lineage analysis results from Pangolin.

>   - `pangolin_db`: When `pango_database` is not provided, pangolin will atempt to auto-update its database before runing the pipeline. The used database is stored in this folder. Useful for replication. Can be given as `pango_database` input directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `pangolin_db`: When `pango_database` is not provided, pangolin will attempt to auto-update its database before running the pipeline. The used database is stored in this folder and may be useful for replication. Can be given as `pango_database` input directory.
```

- `variants/<VARIANT_CALLER>/consensus/<CONSENSUS_CALLER>/pangolin/`
  - `*.pangolin.csv`: Lineage analysis results from Pangolin.

>   - `pangolin_db`: When `pango_database` is not provided, pangolin will atempt to auto-update its database before runing the pipeline. The used database is stored in this folder. Useful for replication. Can be given as `pango_database` input directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `pangolin_db`: When `pango_database` is not provided, pangolin will attempt to auto-update its database before running the pipeline. The used database is stored in this folder and may be useful for replication. Can be given as `pango_database` input directory.
```
